## introduction
In this week's meeting, we talked about the knockout criteria, emphasizing its significance. And prioritized building Scenes as our focal point for the week. Additionally, we agree on adjusting line length in checkstyle and discussed implementing color schemes conducive to colorblind users for our app's pages and the timing for create the merge request.

##TA comments

Our TA stressed the importance of better preparation for our meetings, which requires the active participation of all group members. Rather than simply showing up, we're encouraged to come to the meeting with a basic understanding of what needs to be discussed. This approach ensures smoother and more productive discussions during the meeting.

##Knock-out criteria and oral-presentation
Our TA stressed the importance of meeting the weekly criteria, highlighting that failing two weeks consecutively will result in elimination. Therefore, it's crucial to ensure that each week's assignments are thoroughly fulfilled and meet the required standards.

Also we won’t have meeting for the incoming midterm week, but still need to meet the weekly knock_out criteria. 

Additionally, for the final oral-presentation, people with resits or any other kind of arrangements need to send message to TA to schedule their presentation time.

##Scenes_builder
During the meeting, our group reached a consensus to prioritize building scenes as the main focus for this week. Each team member is required to create at least the basic pages for their assigned parts, and get it done before our online meeting on Thursday. 

While maintaining the feature-based principle for our tasks, we've decided to place a significant emphasis on frontend development this week to ensure functional progress at a faster pace.

##colorblind
Our app pages would be colorblind-friendly, and we already make a style.css file for this, everyone in our group would need to adapt the file when they build their page, consistency in color will also make our pages look more aligned.

##Merge request timing
 Each member is required to submit a merge request every week, which need to be approved by at least two other members. However, the timing of these requests can sometimes be too late for others to review, like 8:00 pm on Sunday. Therefore, we encourage group members to initiate merge requests earlier, regardless of whether the pipeline will assist. Should assistance be required, members are encouraged to seek help from other group members. By doing this, other members can have enough time to check and approved the merge request also have a better view of the weekly process

##Project Preferences 
We make sure again in these week that nobody have preference regarding working on particular parts of the project.Following our TA's advice to explore full-stack development, we're all pitching in on various aspects of the project. This way, we're making sure everyone's involved and up to speed with what's going on.


